release: v0.19.0 (#1748)
apollographql/apollo-cli: CHANGELOG.md

## 📚 Documentation -->

# [0.19.0] - 2023-09-19

## 🚀 Features

- **Publish persisted queries generated by the Relay compiler - @EverlastingBugstopper, #1727**

>   The `rover persisted-queries publish` command now accepts the `--manifest-format relay` argument which allows publishing persisted queries generated by the Relay compiler to Apollo GraphOS. See [the documentation](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/graphos/operations/persisted-queries/) for more information on this feature.

Reviewer: Link to `Relay support` heading

```suggestion
  The `rover persisted-queries publish` command now accepts the `--manifest-format relay` argument which allows publishing persisted queries generated by the Relay compiler to Apollo GraphOS. See [the documentation](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/graphos/operations/persisted-queries/#relay-support) for more information on this feature.
```

- **Make checks more resilient by retrying failures - @swcollard, #1740**

>   Rover will now retry requests for the status of a check workflow for five minutes before failing while logging any intermittent errors.

Reviewer: Copyedit

```suggestion
  Rover will now retry requests for the status of a check workflow. If the retries don't succeed after five minutes, the requests fail, and any intermittent errors are logged.
```

## 🐛 Fixes

> - **No longer style output when writing to a file or redirecting output via a pipe - @EverlastingBugstopper, #1747**

Reviewer: Copyedit

```suggestion
- **No output styling when writing to a file or redirecting output via a pipe - @EverlastingBugstopper, #1747**
```
